Mycroft is an generic inspector for the JVM, written in Clojure. You
can learn more about Mycroft by looking at the running instance at 
http://inspector.clojure.org.

h2. Installation

Run Mycroft as a standalone project:

* clone the git repos at http://github.com/relevance/mycroft
* run @lein deps@ to get dependent libraries
* run @script/repl@ to launch the web server

Embed Mycroft in your own project:

* in project.clj, add @[mycroft/mycroft "0.0.2"]@ to your
  @:dev-dependencies@
* run @lein deps@ to get libs
* from the repl:
** run @(use 'mycroft.main)@
** launch mycroft on a port of your choice, e.g. @(run 8081)@

h2. Getting Started

Once you have installed Mycroft per the instructions above, you can
inspect items from the repl in a browser. Try:

* @(inspect alter)@ to inspect a Clojure var
* @(inspect java.lang.String)@ to inspect a Java class
* @(inspect (+ 1 2))@ to inspect an arbitrary expression

You can also try browsing to the following urls:

* http://localhost:{yourport} gives an overview tour of Mycroft
* http://localhost:{yourport}/vars is an entry point for browsing all Clojure vars

h2. License and Copyright

Copyright (c) Relevance. All rights reserved. The use and distribution
terms for this software are covered by the Eclipse Public License 1.0
(http://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php) which can be found in
the file epl-v10.html at the root of this distribution. By using this
software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of
this license. You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.


